node-api: clarify enum value ABI stability (#59085)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

and by checking, for all external libraries that it uses, that the external
library makes ABI stability guarantees similar to Node-API.

> ### Enum values in ABI stability

Reviewer: Should we also augment the https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/adding-new-napi-api.md document along with it?

Author: That document is specifically about adding a new node-api function. I think it is not necessary to be verbose on extending existing functions.

All enum data types defined in Node-API should be considered as a fixed size

> integer value. Bit flag enum types should be explicitly documented, and they

Reviewer: Can we be more specific and say that we expect enums to be `int32_t` values?
```suggestion
`int32_t` value. Bit flag enum types should be explicitly documented, and they
```

work with bit operators like bit-OR (`|`) as a bit value. Unless otherwise
documented, an enum type should be considered to be extensible.

> 

Reviewer: Should we mention that we must never remove or reuse previous enum values. Instead, we must always only add new enum values with the new integer values.

For an enum type returned from an Node-API function, or as an out parameter of
an Node-API function, the value is an integer value and an addon should
handle unknown values. For example, an addon should have a `default` branch
when checking `napi_status` in switch statements as new status codes can be
introduced in newer Node.js versions.

For an enum type used in an in-parameter, extended values are guarded with
Node-API version of which version they are introduced. The result of passing

> an unknown integer value to Node-API functions is undefined unless otherwise
> documented.

Reviewer: Can we avoid the undefined bahaviour and rather say that it is an error.
```suggestion
an unknown integer value to Node-API functions is an error. The Node-API
functions are expected to return napi_invalid_arg in such cases.
```

Author: It is already the reality that we don't exhaustively check undefined enum values. For example, `napi_threadsafe_function_release_mode` in `napi_release_threadsafe_function`, and `napi_key_filter` in `napi_get_all_property_names`.

> documented.

Reviewer 2: Just a side note: these constraints generally look good to me but they could likely benefit from some concrete examples illustrating the correct structure.

Author: Added an example of `napi_key_filter`.

> 

Reviewer: What about enum values that can be used and in- and out- parameters?

and by checking, for all external libraries that it uses, that the external
library makes ABI stability guarantees similar to Node-API.

### Enum values in ABI stability

All enum data types defined in Node-API should be considered as a fixed size
`int32_t` value. Bit flag enum types should be explicitly documented, and they
work with bit operators like bit-OR (`|`) as a bit value. Unless otherwise
documented, an enum type should be considered to be extensible.

An enum value will not be removed or renamed.

For an enum type returned from a Node-API function, or provided as an out
parameter of a Node-API function, the value is an integer value and an addon
should handle unknown values. For example, when checking `napi_status` in
switch statements, an addon should include a default branch, as new status
codes may be introduced in newer Node.js versions

For an enum type used in an in-parameter, extended values are version-guarded

> based on the Node-API version in which they were introduced. The result of

Author: Deferring `NODE_API_HAS_XXX` to a separate thread. Focusing on the value addition in this PR.
